[18.0][MIG] sale_order_split_strategy (#3630)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_order_split_strategy/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module you first need to create splitting strategies to apply on sales order.

    Sales -> Configuration -> Split Startegies

> The splitting is base on an ir.filter applied on sale.order.line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The splitting is based on an ir.filter applied on sale.order.line.
```

> Then on sales order, the Split Strategy fields allows to select the corresponding startegy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then on sales order, the Split Strategy fields allow you to select the corresponding strategy.
```

Author: Improved
